---
title: Welcome!
hideAuthor: true
shareButtons: true
---

![Profile](/profile.png)

Almost 80% of the time, or more, when I introduce myself, the question I often 
get asked is "Why is your name Pedro Chang?"

I usually respond by saying that I am not sure why. It's my name!

Just kidding. I explain that I was born in Brazil and grew up in the United 
States, to which many people say, "That is cool!" But to be honest, it hasn't 
been easy.

Growing up, I often felt too Latino to be Korean, and too Asian to be fully 
Latino. You could say I had an identity crisis! Add to that the fact that my 
family is outside of the norm; my parents were married for 10 years, divorced 
for 10 years, and are now back together for 25 years. My life has been anything 
but normal.

Despite these challenges, I now embrace my uniqueness almost like a superpower. 
This acceptance has helped me go on a journey of healing and self-discovery, 
which ultimately led me to realize something important: I've always loved 
tinkering with computers, and through this passion, I apply my own way of 
thinking to my everyday life!

This unique perspective has shaped many of my life choices. For instance, in 
2017, I, by happenstance, read [Goodbye, Things](https://www.amazon.com/Goodbye-Things-New-Japanese-Minimalism/dp/0393609030) 
and was so inspired that I embarked on a journey to become an extreme 
minimalist for 2 years. During this time, I got rid of all my possessions, had 
only 20 pieces of clothing, and slept on a thin sleeping mattress. It was an 
amazing experience, and although I initially thought it would be a lifelong 
commitment, what it really gave me were valuable lessons about the importance 
of preventing things from "possessing" me.

As life evolved and I became a father, I could no longer maintain that extreme 
lifestyle. However, the core principles and methodologies continue to shape my 
everyday life. Consequently, you'll likely notice these minimalist influences 
in how I write and how I set up my technology structures.

After all, as the saying goes, "If something is too complex to be used, then 
it's unnecessary."

With this philosophy in mind, I consistently use *minimalism* as my baseline 
method of applying tech, always seeking the elegant simplicity that comes from 
my unique cultural and personal journey.

![Father-hood](/father-hood.png)
